# rkcode coding tutorials!
### these coding tutorials start with c++. I will add a python tutorial later but for now enjoy the tutorial!
## table of contents
### 1. introduction
### 2. setup
### 3. how to use the print function and basic coding
## introduction for c++
### Welcome to the world of c++! a coding language used for game development, web development, and so much more! Any electronic computer has code, most of it being c++ so it is a great language to learn. Being brutally honest, c++ is a very hard language to learn for begginers but stick to it and TRUST ME you WILL get it! The mos important takeway is don't get discouraged, every developer had to go through the stuff you have to get throught to get to an expert level. 
## setup 
## Before you setup! NOTES!
### this tutorial I will be using a tool called arduboy. An arduboy is an 8 bit game console that has a special coding library to assist in learning c++. If you don't have the physical arduboy that is ok we will show you the digital version and how you can use that to code! 
### Lets get your computer all of the tools it needs to make code and run it! First we are going to grab an app that is kind of like google docs that will let us write code. This app is called the arduino IDE and ide stands for an integrated development enviroment. This is an enviroment where you can develop code and work on your game projects. Lets go to the website you need to download arduino ide. This websites link is www.arduino.cc/en/software. After you get to the website go to download options, and then download the app according to what operating system you have e.x (Windows mac linux). Once you have the app downloaded open it up. Once opened you should see some code and a dark mode google docs like thing. This is and IDE. This is what master coders and game devs use to code :). (Not really but you get the point). Now that we have our development enviroment all set up we need an arduboy to run it. If you have the physical arduboy FX which you can buy here: https://www.arduboy.com that is great but if you don't want to spend 80 dollars to buy one you can use the digital website simulator to simulate the games. You can find that website here: https://tiberiusbrown.github.io/Ardens/ You will need to drag and drop the hex file of your game into this website to simulate it. We will show you how to do this later. Now you are ready to go to the first part of the tutorial, Basic coding and the print function!
